Improved findInstances overview (#81)
InteropIO/FDC3: docs/agent-bridging/spec.md

}
```

### Handling Malformed Messages

> It is the Bridge responsibility to validate the all messages that flow to and from Desktop Agents. When a Desktop Agent Request is malformed the bridge MUST send a `BridgingError.MalformedMessage` to the sender. For a Desktop Agent Response, the bridge should send a `BridgingError.MalformedMessage` to both the sender and requestor Desktop Agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the Bridge responsibility to validate the all messages that flow to and from Desktop Agents. When a request message is malformed the bridge MUST send a bridge error response message with  `BridgingError.MalformedMessage` to the sender. Where responses to requests from other agents are malformed, the bridge MUST send a bridge error response message with  `BridgingError.MalformedMessage` to the sender and record `BridgingError.MalformedMessage` as the error response from the responder that sent the malformed message.
```

> 
> The Bridge holds the responsibility of validating all messages exchanged between Desktop Agents. In the case of a malformed Desktop Agent Request, the bridge is MUST dispatch a `BridgingError.MalformedMessage` to the sender. If the malformed message is a Desktop Agent Response, the bridge should transmit a `BridgingError.MalformedMessage` to both the sender and the requesting Desktop Agents.

Reviewer: Duplicate content I think

```suggestion
```
